docs: add anbox documentation (#2695)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/howtoguides/enable_anbox.md

# How to enable Anbox Cloud

```{important}
[Anbox Cloud is supported on 20.04 and 22.04 releases](https://anbox-cloud.io/).
```

To use Anbox, you will need to enable it directly throught the Ubuntu Pro Client,
which will install all of the necessary snaps and setup the APT sources needed for
the service.

> 

Reviewer: In our other guides, we explain how to update Pro Client. Should we do that here as well, or does it not matter what version they use for Anbox?

Author: That is a good idea, I will add that section

> ```{important}

Reviewer: Can we combine this admonition with the one at the top of the page? It really confused me to see two of them so close together right at the start of the guide.

Author: I moved it to another part of the doc. Let me know what you think

The Anbox Cloud service cannot be installed on containers
```

To enable Anbox Cloud, run:

```console
$ sudo pro enable anbox-cloud
```

You should see output like the following, indicating that Anbox Cloud
was correctly enabled on your system:

```
One moment, checking your subscription first
Installing required snaps
Installing required snap: amc
Installing required snap: anbox-cloud-appliance
Installing required snap: lxd
Updating package lists
Anbox Cloud enabled
To finish setting up the Anbox Cloud Appliance, run:

$ sudo anbox-cloud-appliance init

You can accept the default answers if you do not have any specific
configuration changes.
For more information, see https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/tut/installing-appliance
```

> 

Reviewer: Do we need to include anything about disabling/removing it?

Author: I  have added that section

# How to enable Anbox Cloud

```{important}
[Anbox Cloud is supported on 20.04 and 22.04 releases](https://anbox-cloud.io/).
```

To use Anbox, you will need to enable it directly throught the Ubuntu Pro Client,

> which will install all of the necessary snaps and setup the APT sources needed for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which will install all of the necessary snaps and set up the APT sources needed for
```

the service.

## Make sure `pro` is up-to-date

All systems come with `pro` pre-installed through the `ubuntu-advantage-tools`
package. To make sure that you're running the latest version of `pro`, run the
following commands:

```console
sudo apt update && sudo apt install ubuntu-advantage-tools
```

## Enable Anbox

To enable Anbox Cloud, run:

```console
$ sudo pro enable anbox-cloud
```

```{important}

> The Anbox Cloud service can only be installed on containers using the --access-only flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anbox Cloud service can only be installed on containers using the `--access-only` flag.
```

Reviewer: (to make sure the `--` characters show correctly)

> This option will only setup the APT sources for anbox, but not install any of the snaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option will only set up the APT sources for Anbox, but not install any of the snaps.
```

```

You should see output like the following, indicating that Anbox Cloud
was correctly enabled on your system:

```
One moment, checking your subscription first
Installing required snaps
Installing required snap: amc
Installing required snap: anbox-cloud-appliance
Installing required snap: lxd
Updating package lists
Anbox Cloud enabled
To finish setting up the Anbox Cloud Appliance, run:

$ sudo anbox-cloud-appliance init

You can accept the default answers if you do not have any specific
configuration changes.
For more information, see https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/tut/installing-appliance
```

```{important}
Please note that the output states an additional step is required to
complete the Anbox Cloud setup
```

You can also confirm that the service is enabled by running the `pro status` command.

> It should contain the following line for `anbox-cloud`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should contain the following line for `anbox-cloud`:
```

```console
SERVICE          ENTITLED  STATUS    DESCRIPTION
anbox-cloud      yes       enabled   Scalable Android in the cloud   
```

## Disable the service

If you wish to disable Anbox, you can use the following command to
disable it:

```bash
sudo pro disable anbox-cloud
```

> Note that this command will only remove the APT sources, but not uninstall the snaps.

Reviewer: This seems like for a useability pov that it should also remove the snaps. Is that something we have control over, or is it for the Anbox team?

Author: Usually, we don't remove any packages/snaps that we install when enabling a service. Anbox is just following that principle
